Honey,
Today is sunny on April 2nd.If I'm not mistaken,you went out with another girl yesterday.Just the two of you.
i am sorry i can not accept you hang out with another female.You could say i am selfish.
Actually,I really do believe that love is exclusive and Something that cannot be shared with others. 
There was a time when I even thought you shouldn't exercise, work, or engage in social activities like normal, and instead, spend all of your time with me.
perhaps my love is horrible.So,I made a decision for you, which is to leave me.Only by doing so can you escape from a person who loves you in a pathological way.
God knows how much I miss you and how much I need you.
Perhaps one day I can have a healthy and normal love, but not now.
I have a bit of stomach ache now.

No matter how mediocre I may be, I always feel that my love for you is beautiful. Let me tell you, every time I think of you, a smile appears on my ugly face. 
I give my entire soul to you, along with its quirks, tantrums, indecisiveness, 1,800 bad habits—it's truly annoying, but it has one good thing, 
which is loving you.

yesterday,i saw you add me with the Wechat ID that used to work.i waited you to chat with me until 23:30.Then i do not want to wait you any more.i will not love 
someone who does not love me the way i love him.

Honey,
Today is windy on April 3rd.Thank you for showing up when I needed you the most.
Do you know how I managed to resist going to call you last weekend?
I was just fantasizing about you having dinner and chatting happily with a lady, and making love passionately. That's how I managed to resist the urge to call you.
Some people say that in our relationship, I seem to be addicted to opium.I have to say, this is a brilliant metaphor.
I can't promise that I will never get angry or cut off contact with you again, but I promise you that my heart will always beat for you. 
As long as I am alive, my mission is to protect you, comfort you, and be there for you.

Honey,
Today is rainy on April 4th.Actually i prepared a big surprise for you-i will arrive at Bao'an Airport at ten am torrow.
Yesterday and today,even in working hours, I have been carefully selecting transportation methods, 
as my current financial situation does not allow me to spend two thousand yuan without careful consideration.
During the process of buying the plane ticket, I have thought about cancelling this trip less than ten times.
But I thought about how we haven't seen each other in a long time and how much I want to kiss you. 
And I imagined the look of surprise on your face when you suddenly see me in Shenzhen. 
So, I am willing to spend nine hours each way to come see you, even with the expensive travel cost.
